thanks to Allrecipes member Marshall
Malloy know who shares this recipe for
sauerkraut for canning Allrecipes member
hot she says after making this easy to
do recipe she'll never use store-bought
sauerkraut again the original recipe
uses 50 pounds of cabbage but we've cut
it down to just 5 pounds
begin by cutting the cabbage into
quarters for a twist on your sauerkraut
try using purple cabbage instead then
remove the cores and thinly cut the
cabbage about the thickness of a dime if
you prefer you can cut the cabbage using
a mandolin or food processor
in a large bowl layer the cabbage with
three tablespoons of canning salt
mix it together and set aside for 5 to
10 minutes to wilt add the cabbage to a
clean food safe container or pickling
jar press firmly until the juices come
to the surface
there isn't enough liquid to cover the
cabbage many all recipes members suggest
making a quick brine with 2 cups of cold
water and 3/4 tbsp of salt
next cover the cabbage with cheesecloth
or muslin and tuck the edges down
against the inside of the container be
sure to weigh the cabbage down so that
it is completely covered by brine set
the container at a room temperature of
about 70 degrees to begin the
fermentation process this will usually
take anywhere between three to six weeks
if you notice any scum forming be sure
to remove and discard it after several
weeks of fermenting the sauerkraut is
ready if you wish you can follow the
recipe directions to can the sauerkraut
or keep it refrigerated for up to a
month
you